I'm Rick that's all I need to say as
hard as it is to believe I'm single need
i say more
all right ladies you got your free book
so call me I don't even know why I'm
here all right that's it
I need to say anything else movie
screening calls for days all right sorry
to get any calls ladies what's up
boyfriend's by the phone you'd want to
be obvious I mean something must have
been wrong but the fact I'm available
freaked you out to be nay check it out
you can follow me under going fast
whoa-ho-ho don't everybody rush to the
phone at once somebody might get hurt
seriously I mean you probably didn't
have enough time to look at the number I
mean he's jerks here obviously didn't
leave it up long enough for 25 bucks you
expect some service right I mean you got
to admit that's pretty expensive don't
worry about it I'll make sure they put
the number up earlier so you have lots
of time no excuses
right just some kind of and joke me not
one call I'm available what the hell so
I need to say I mean okay so now you
know I'm serious
so let's do this alright I mean I'm not
doing this again okay I am by far the
best thing here I'm gonna pay another 25
bucks to say it I've already spent 75
bucks the safe cut the crap ladies and
call me joke is over okay pick up the
phone number
I'm Ivan my favorite sweater is my
favorite color is my favorite lluvias
Spaceballs my favorite drink is water
stain another all right I don't know
what your problem is and I don't care
all I know is what do you should have
called me you know it look I don't know
what the game is okay I mean I'm not
some ugly guy this guy I have to do all
right I mean okay if you can't call me
up for a date the least you can do is
call me up and tell me what the problem
is huh can you do that
I played semi-pro ball
you